Describe how to run mock API (#294)
web3-storage/web3.storage: packages/client/README.md

```

## Testing

> To test the client, you'll need two terminal windows open. In the first, start up the mock API by running `npm run mock:api`. In the second, you can then run `npm test` to test the ESM code, CJS, and in the browser via `playwright-test`. 100% test coverage is required by the `hundreds` module.

Reviewer: So, `npm test` will sart the mock API for you, but if you run the tests individually like `npm run test:esm` then you'll need to manually start the mock API.

> To test the client, you'll need two terminal windows open. In the first, start up the mock API by running `npm run mock:api`. In the second, you can then run `npm test` to test the ESM code, CJS, and in the browser via `playwright-test`. 100% test coverage is required by the `hundreds` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `npm test` to test the ESM code, CJS, and in the browser via `playwright-test`. 100% test coverage is required by the `hundreds` module.

To test in individual environments, you'll need two terminal windows open. In the first, start up the mock API by running `npm run mock:api`. In the second, you can then run `npm run test:web`, `npm run test:esm` or `npm run test:cjs`.
```
